Data Collection Design Document for 50 Hospitals in the Developing World
Introduction
The purpose of this data collection design document is to provide a clear and concise plan for collecting data from 50 hospitals located in the developing world. The data collected will be used to better understand the healthcare infrastructure in these regions and identify areas for improvement.

Methodology
Sample Selection
The sample of 50 hospitals will be selected based on the following criteria:

Location: Hospitals must be located in developing countries as defined by the United Nations.
Size: Hospitals must have at least 50 beds.
Type: Hospitals must be general hospitals providing a wide range of healthcare services.
Data Collection
The following data collection methods will be used:

Surveys: Surveys will be administered to hospital administrators and healthcare professionals to gather information on hospital infrastructure, staffing, and services provided.
Observation: Researchers will visit each hospital to observe the physical infrastructure, patient flow, and interactions between healthcare professionals and patients.
Document Review: Researchers will review hospital records and other documents to gather information on hospital operations and patient outcomes.
Data Analysis
The data collected will be analyzed using descriptive statistics and qualitative analysis. The data will be organized and presented in tables and charts to aid in data interpretation.

Significance
The data collected will provide valuable insights into the healthcare infrastructure in developing countries. The information gathered will be useful for policymakers and healthcare professionals to identify areas for improvement and to develop strategies to enhance healthcare delivery in these regions. The data collected will also contribute to the academic literature on healthcare in developing countries.

Future Use of Data
The data collected will be used to develop case studies and research papers. The findings will be shared with the healthcare community through publications, conferences, and other communication channels. The data will also be used to inform policy development and healthcare delivery strategies in developing countries.